Fixed #34431 -- Improved Date/DateTimeField/TimeField.input_formats docs. (#16698)
django/django: docs/ref/forms/fields.txt

    .. attribute:: input_formats

>         A generator of formats used to attempt to convert a string to a valid

Reviewer: `iterable` is more accurate:
```suggestion
        An iterable of formats used to attempt to convert a string to a valid
```

Reviewer: @stefan6419846 Does it work for you?

Reviewer 2: Yes, `iterable` should work here and make it more obvious the we should not expect a list to be returned.

Thinking about this, should the other field docs for `DateField` and `TimeField` updated as well to just state `iterable` instead of `list` to use common wording, or is there enough benefit of using different terms here as the underlying types actually differ?

Reviewer: > Thinking about this, should the other field docs for `DateField` and `TimeField` updated as well to just state `iterable` instead of `list` to use common wording, or is there enough benefit of using different terms here as the underlying types actually differ?

Using `iterable` for all `input_formats` seems reasonable.
